seven goals in the benito villamarín in
the first leg of the sixteenth
end of the king's cup until 04 se
came to put the almeria
it was coming very early to finally
point was to tie the betis first
goal of the minute 3 match and mané gets
the first goal for the team
Francisco
claim in lack at the beginning of the
played by betis players
a foul that is pointed out to the referee
the play goes on and goes ahead
but it 's that two minutes later in the
5 minute the Thai ctera without doing the
0-2
a disastrous start of match for the
local set for the betis there was no
out of play in a heads up
thai got his first goal this
season
and the Almeria did not stay there since the
29 minute before the half hour of
party got 03
and that finished off that combed ball in the
first post
Many people started to leave
Benito Villamarín at half an hour
match
there were still a lot of things
happen at the beginning of the second half
in the first action of danger perquis
sends the ball head to the crossbar
The Betis pardoned the first goal and
Almería made the room playing with
spaces and going to have good chances
of the set of francisco édgar de
head got 0-4
the tie seemed more than resolved
with four goals at home but
I was still the best to come on the 14th
he did rubén castro
practically it was not celebrated by the betis
while he was making up the marker
at minute 80 however the last 10
minutes were going to be absolutely
frantic marked the almeria but both
he did not go up to the score he celebrated the
Almeria set an action that
the referee canceled
where there does not seem to be or lack
neither again out of the game so much
went up to the scoreboard and immediately afterwards
action on the ball stopped Perquis scored the
and now already in the last minutes when
the betis seemed to react find
a punch that I had not had during
The whole game
but he got the 2 to 4 jorge molina iba
to have in his boots the third a pass
by rubén castro the ball is loose in
the small area is not finished by anyone and the
own mill in another corner kick
I got the final 3 to 4 madness
in Benito Villamarín a match one
eliminatory that was more than resolved
and that however
leave a 34 after the latter
at which time the Almeria
I found with the post
eliminatory of a final 34 gives a
clear advantage to almería but leaves very
I live to be more to betis